Okay.
Yeah. Favorites. We have to talk about our favorites food?
food, favorite food. um...
My favorite food is probably
Sushi... Sashimi, Salmon.
Yeah.
I think salmon even though it's kind of sad even like if I go to Japan
like there's so many kinds of fish but I always end up eating salmon
That's sad
Yeah. Sashimi.
Yeah. Yeah....
Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Salmon.
Ashi, ashi, ashi. It's like meat?
uh, uh, uh, uh, uh.
Oh.
uh, uh, uh. oh, oh, oh, oh.
Sashimi or Sushi?
Yeah.
uh, uh, uh, uh.
Japanese food. Okay. Uh...
uh, uh, uh, uh. Sushi.... Oh....
Uh-huh...
if it's there it's good if it's not it's good too
With or without? uh, uh, uh. more fish!
Hamachi... Yellowtail?
The fatty... uh toru... toro.
Chutoro... I like Toro.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
less oily...
Green onion and chili. Yeah...
uh, uh, uh, uh. uh, uh, uh, uh.
Yeah.
Yeah hahahahaha
yeah
So, favorite non-Japanese food.
aside of Japanese food, korean food.
You can eat, like for dinner tonight, you can eat anything but Japanese.
Asian food.
Oh.
Yeah.
Korean.
Okay. Just not spicy.
Uh...
everything is the same...
Uh-huh.
Red pepper. Yeah.
Uh-huh...
Yeah.
so you think...
And it's a little sweet too, like spicy and sweet.
Sundubu
Oh....
No, I ordered medium. I upgraded.
I'm getting better.
I'm starting to see that it can taste good.
Yeah. Um...
I... outside Japanese.
But I think I would choose Korean or...
vietnamese i think i like the
The sweet and sour kind.
So like the vinegar kind? Yeah...
Thai food? I haven't had it in a while.
So. I don't know.
Yeah.
Asian? Chinese. Oh...
Vegetables.... mmm... Yeah.....
Yeah hahaha
Me too!
Yeah, That's true.
mmh
Vegetables... vegetarian. um... that's good.
Yeah....
Non-Asian food!
Japanese to Asian food.
Um... non-asian
Non-Asian. Ah, Mexican.
Mexican.... Which which dish? Which...
Chimichanga.
Patricia.... yeah... Yeah.
Uh-huh. Ah. Tostada? Yeah.
Less calories than Chimichanga.